what's with the jeans Syracuse is now on
sale well would you say for Syracuse Oh
No suck my juice
suck my juice suck my juice New York and
then Jack me--off Ville Florida Joe
Jacksonville yeah
Jacksonville is now on sale turds on the
ground originated that sure is it's very
sacred your mom's house ground yeah you
guys might be able to request the room
that it happened in I can tell you if
you work the hotel are you doing that
comedy don't know yeah
oh you are okay yeah so then you can
definitely request the room yeah yeah
sonic growl nerds on the ground if you
die buzz they don't know I flushed and
my came up and spilled out onto the
bathroom floor at that hotel at the
comedy he's out and I had to tell the
front desk staff and I left immediately
I mean you never told me there were
turds on the ground I feel like it was
inferred unreal I'm